# packages in environment at /home/salamzade/zol_development/showcase_examples_redo/conda_env:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       2_gnu    conda-forge
_r-mutex                  1.0.1               anacondar_1    conda-forge
alsa-lib                  1.2.8                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
appdirs                   1.4.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
archspec                  0.2.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
attr                      2.5.1                h166bdaf_1    conda-forge
axel                      2.17.11              h28343ad_0    conda-forge
binutils                  2.40                 h4852527_0    conda-forge
binutils_impl_linux-64    2.40                 ha885e6a_0    conda-forge
binutils_linux-64         2.40                 hdade7a5_3    conda-forge
bioconductor-ggtree       3.6.0             r42hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-treeio       1.22.0            r42hdfd78af_0    bioconda
biopython                 1.79            py310h5764c6d_3    conda-forge
blast                     2.15.0          pl5321h6f7f691_1    bioconda
boost-cpp                 1.74.0               h75c5d50_8    conda-forge
brotli-python             1.1.0           py310hc6cd4ac_1    conda-forge
bwidget                   1.9.14               ha770c72_1    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                hd590300_5    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.28.1               hd590300_0    conda-forge
c-compiler                1.7.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2024.2.2             hbcca054_0    conda-forge
cairo                     1.16.0            ha61ee94_1014    conda-forge
cd-hit                    4.8.1               h43eeafb_10    bioconda
certifi                   2024.2.2           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        3.3.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
colorama                  0.4.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
curl                      8.7.1                hdbd6064_0  
cxx-compiler              1.7.0                h00ab1b0_1    conda-forge
dbus                      1.13.6               h5008d03_3    conda-forge
diamond                   2.0.15               hb97b32f_1    bioconda
entrez-direct             21.6                 he881be0_0    bioconda
ete3                      3.1.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
expat                     2.6.2                h59595ed_0    conda-forge
fasttree                  2.1.11               h031d066_3    bioconda
fftw                      3.3.10          nompi_hc118613_108    conda-forge
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      3.000                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.038                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 h77eed37_2    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.14.2               h14ed4e7_0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-ecosystem     1                             0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-forge         1                             0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.12.1               h267a509_2    conda-forge
fribidi                   1.0.10               h36c2ea0_0    conda-forge
gcc                       12.3.0               h915e2ae_7    conda-forge
gcc_impl_linux-64         12.3.0               h58ffeeb_7    conda-forge
gcc_linux-64              12.3.0               h6477408_3    conda-forge
gettext                   0.22.5               h59595ed_2    conda-forge
gettext-tools             0.22.5               h59595ed_2    conda-forge
gfortran_impl_linux-64    12.3.0               h1645026_7    conda-forge
glib                      2.78.1               hfc55251_0    conda-forge
glib-tools                2.78.1               hfc55251_0    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.13            h59595ed_1003    conda-forge
gsl                       2.7                  he838d99_0    conda-forge
gst-plugins-base          1.22.0               h4243ec0_2    conda-forge
gstreamer                 1.22.0               h25f0c4b_2    conda-forge
gstreamer-orc             0.4.38               hd590300_0    conda-forge
gxx                       12.3.0               h915e2ae_7    conda-forge
gxx_impl_linux-64         12.3.0               h2a574ab_7    conda-forge
gxx_linux-64              12.3.0               h4a1b8e8_3    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  6.0.0                h8e241bc_0    conda-forge
hmmer                     3.4                  hdbdd923_1    bioconda
hyphy                     2.5.57               h0705fce_0    bioconda
icu                       70.1                 h27087fc_0    conda-forge
idna                      3.7                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jack                      1.9.22               h11f4161_0    conda-forge
joblib                    1.4.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
kernel-headers_linux-64   2.6.32              he073ed8_17    conda-forge
keyutils                  1.6.1                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
krb5                      1.20.1               h81ceb04_0    conda-forge
lame                      3.100             h166bdaf_1003    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.40                 h55db66e_0    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
libasprintf               0.22.5               h661eb56_2    conda-forge
libasprintf-devel         0.22.5               h661eb56_2    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           22_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libcap                    2.67                 he9d0100_0    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           22_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libclang                  15.0.7          default_h127d8a8_5    conda-forge
libclang13                15.0.7          default_h5d6823c_5    conda-forge
libcups                   2.3.3                h36d4200_3    conda-forge
libcurl                   8.7.1                h251f7ec_0  
libdb                     6.2.32               h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.18                 h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         he28a2e2_2    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 hd590300_2    conda-forge
libevent                  2.1.10               h28343ad_4    conda-forge
libexpat                  2.6.2                h59595ed_0    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h7f98852_5    conda-forge
libflac                   1.4.3                h59595ed_0    conda-forge
libgcc                    7.2.0                h69d50b8_2    conda-forge
libgcc-devel_linux-64     12.3.0             h0223996_107    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 13.2.0               h77fa898_7    conda-forge
libgcrypt                 1.10.3               hd590300_0    conda-forge
libgettextpo              0.22.5               h59595ed_2    conda-forge
libgettextpo-devel        0.22.5               h59595ed_2    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            13.2.0               h69a702a_7    conda-forge
libgfortran5              13.2.0               hca663fb_7    conda-forge
libglib                   2.78.1               hebfc3b9_0    conda-forge
libgomp                   13.2.0               h77fa898_7    conda-forge
libgpg-error              1.49                 h4f305b6_0    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.17                 hd590300_2    conda-forge
libidn2                   2.3.7                hd590300_0    conda-forge
libjpeg-turbo             2.1.5.1              hd590300_1    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           22_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libllvm15                 15.0.7               hadd5161_1    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.58.0               h47da74e_0    conda-forge
libnsl                    2.0.1                hd590300_0    conda-forge
libogg                    1.3.4                h7f98852_1    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.27          pthreads_h413a1c8_0    conda-forge
libopus                   1.3.1                h7f98852_1    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.43               h2797004_0    conda-forge
libpq                     15.3                 hbcd7760_1    conda-forge
libsanitizer              12.3.0               hb8811af_7    conda-forge
libsndfile                1.2.2                hc60ed4a_1    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.45.3               h2797004_0    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.11.0               h0841786_0    conda-forge
libstdcxx-devel_linux-64  12.3.0             h0223996_107    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              13.2.0               hc0a3c3a_7    conda-forge
libsystemd0               253                  h8c4010b_1    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.5.1                h8b53f26_1    conda-forge
libtool                   2.4.7                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
libudev1                  253                  h0b41bf4_1    conda-forge
libunistring              0.9.10               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.38.1               h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libvorbis                 1.3.7                h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.4.0                hd590300_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.13              h7f98852_1004    conda-forge
libxcrypt                 4.4.36               hd590300_1    conda-forge
libxkbcommon              1.5.0                h79f4944_1    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.10.3               hca2bb57_4    conda-forge
libxslt                   1.1.37               h873f0b0_0    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.13               hd590300_5    conda-forge
lxml                      4.9.2           py310hbdc0903_0    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.9.4                hcb278e6_0    conda-forge
make                      4.3                  hd18ef5c_1    conda-forge
mcl                       22.282          pl5321h031d066_1    bioconda
miniprot                  0.7                  h7132678_0    bioconda
mpg123                    1.32.6               h59595ed_0    conda-forge
mpi                       1.0                     openmpi    conda-forge
muscle                    5.1                  h4ac6f70_3    bioconda
mysql-common              8.0.33               hf1915f5_6    conda-forge
mysql-libs                8.0.33               hca2cd23_6    conda-forge
ncbi-genome-download      0.3.3              pyh7cba7a3_0    bioconda
ncbi-vdb                  3.1.0                h4ac6f70_2    bioconda
ncurses                   6.5                  h59595ed_0    conda-forge
networkx                  3.3                pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
nspr                      4.35                 h27087fc_0    conda-forge
nss                       3.100                hca3bf56_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.26.4          py310hb13e2d6_0    conda-forge
openmpi                   4.1.6              hc5af2df_101    conda-forge
openssl                   3.1.5                hd590300_0    conda-forge
packaging                 24.0               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pal2nal                   14.1            pl5321hdfd78af_3    bioconda
pandas                    2.2.2           py310hf9f9076_1    conda-forge
pango                     1.50.14              hd33c08f_0    conda-forge
pcre                      8.45                 h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
pcre2                     10.40                hc3806b6_0    conda-forge
perl                      5.32.1          7_hd590300_perl5    conda-forge
perl-archive-tar          2.40            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-carp                 1.50            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-common-sense         3.75            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-compress-raw-bzip2   2.201           pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-compress-raw-zlib    2.202           pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-encode               3.21            pl5321hd590300_0    conda-forge
perl-exporter             5.74            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-exporter-tiny        1.002002        pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-extutils-makemaker   7.70            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-getopt-long          2.54            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-io-compress          2.201           pl5321hdbdd923_2    bioconda
perl-io-zlib              1.14            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-json                 4.10            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-json-xs              2.34            pl5321h4ac6f70_6    bioconda
perl-list-moreutils       0.430           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-list-moreutils-xs    0.430           pl5321h031d066_2    bioconda
perl-parent               0.241           pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-pathtools            3.75            pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-scalar-list-utils    1.63            pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-storable             3.15            pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-types-serialiser     1.01            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
pip                       24.0               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pixman                    0.43.2               h59595ed_0    conda-forge
ply                       3.11               pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
pomegranate               0.13.3          py310h91b1402_3    conda-forge
prodigal                  2.6.3                h031d066_8    bioconda
prodigal-gv               2.11.0               he4a0461_2    bioconda
psutil                    5.9.8           py310h2372a71_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               h36c2ea0_1001    conda-forge
pulseaudio                16.1                 hcb278e6_3    conda-forge
pulseaudio-client         16.1                 h5195f5e_3    conda-forge
pulseaudio-daemon         16.1                 ha8d29e2_3    conda-forge
pyhmmer                   0.10.12         py310h4b81fae_0    bioconda
pyqt                      5.15.9          py310h04931ad_5    conda-forge
pyqt5-sip                 12.12.2         py310hc6cd4ac_5    conda-forge
pyrodigal                 3.3.0           py310h4b81fae_1    bioconda
pysocks                   1.7.1           py310hff52083_5    conda-forge
python                    3.10.13         hd12c33a_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-tzdata             2024.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.10                    4_cp310    conda-forge
pytz                      2024.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyyaml                    6.0.1           py310h2372a71_1    conda-forge
qt-main                   5.15.8               h67dfc38_7    conda-forge
r-ape                     5.8               r42h08d816e_0    conda-forge
r-aplot                   0.2.2             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-base                    4.2.3                h062c8ea_1    conda-forge
r-cachem                  1.1.0             r42hb1dbf0f_0    conda-forge
r-cli                     3.6.2             r42ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-colorspace              2.1_0             r42h57805ef_1    conda-forge
r-commonmark              1.9.1             r42h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-cowplot                 1.1.3             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-crayon                  1.5.2             r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-curl                    5.1.0             r42hf9611b0_0    conda-forge
r-digest                  0.6.35            r42ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-dplyr                   1.1.4             r42ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-ellipsis                0.3.2             r42h57805ef_2    conda-forge
r-fansi                   1.0.6             r42h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-farver                  2.1.2             r42ha18555a_0    conda-forge
r-fastmap                 1.2.0             r42ha18555a_0    conda-forge
r-fs                      1.6.4             r42ha18555a_0    conda-forge
r-generics                0.1.3             r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-ggfittext               0.10.2            r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-ggfun                   0.1.4             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-gggenes                 0.5.1             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-ggplot2                 3.5.1             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-ggplotify               0.1.2             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-glue                    1.7.0             r42h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-gridextra               2.3             r42hc72bb7e_1005    conda-forge
r-gridgraphics            0.5_1             r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-gridtext                0.1.5             r42ha503ecb_2    conda-forge
r-gtable                  0.3.5             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-isoband                 0.2.7             r42ha503ecb_2    conda-forge
r-jpeg                    0.1_10            r42h0de940f_3    conda-forge
r-jsonlite                1.8.8             r42h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-labeling                0.4.3             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-lattice                 0.22_6            r42h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-lazyeval                0.2.2             r42h57805ef_4    conda-forge
r-lifecycle               1.0.4             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-magrittr                2.0.3             r42h57805ef_2    conda-forge
r-markdown                1.12              r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-mass                    7.3_60.0.1        r42h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-matrix                  1.6_5             r42h316c678_0    conda-forge
r-memoise                 2.0.1             r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-mgcv                    1.9_1             r42h316c678_0    conda-forge
r-mime                    0.12              r42h57805ef_2    conda-forge
r-munsell                 0.5.1             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-nlme                    3.1_164           r42h61816a4_0    conda-forge
r-patchwork               1.2.0             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-pillar                  1.9.0             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-pkgconfig               2.0.3             r42hc72bb7e_3    conda-forge
r-png                     0.1_8             r42h81d01c5_1    conda-forge
r-purrr                   1.0.2             r42h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-r6                      2.5.1             r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-rcolorbrewer            1.1_3             r42h785f33e_2    conda-forge
r-rcpp                    1.0.12            r42h7df8631_0    conda-forge
r-rlang                   1.1.3             r42ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-scales                  1.3.0             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-shades                  1.4.0             r42hc72bb7e_3    conda-forge
r-stringi                 1.7.12            r42h1ae9187_0    conda-forge
r-stringr                 1.5.1             r42h785f33e_0    conda-forge
r-tibble                  3.2.1             r42h57805ef_2    conda-forge
r-tidyr                   1.3.1             r42ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-tidyselect              1.2.1             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-tidytree                0.4.6             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-utf8                    1.2.4             r42h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-vctrs                   0.6.5             r42ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-viridislite             0.4.2             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-withr                   3.0.0             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-xfun                    0.44              r42ha18555a_0    conda-forge
r-xml2                    1.3.3             r42h044e5c7_2    conda-forge
r-yulab.utils             0.1.4             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
readline                  8.2                  h8228510_1    conda-forge
requests                  2.31.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
scikit-learn              1.4.2           py310h981052a_1    conda-forge
scipy                     1.13.0          py310h93e2701_1    conda-forge
sed                       4.8                  he412f7d_0    conda-forge
setuptools                57.4.0          py310hff52083_2    conda-forge
sip                       6.7.12          py310hc6cd4ac_0    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
skani                     0.2.1                h4ac6f70_0    bioconda
slclust                   02022010                      1    bioconda
sysroot_linux-64          2.12                he073ed8_17    conda-forge
threadpoolctl             3.5.0              pyhc1e730c_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.13          noxft_h4845f30_101    conda-forge
tktable                   2.10                 h0c5db8f_5    conda-forge
toml                      0.10.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tomli                     2.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tqdm                      4.66.4             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
trimal                    1.4.1                h4ac6f70_9    bioconda
tzdata                    2024a                h0c530f3_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   2.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wget                      1.20.3               ha35d2d1_1    conda-forge
wheel                     0.43.0             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
xcb-util                  0.4.0                h516909a_0    conda-forge
xcb-util-image            0.4.0                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
xcb-util-keysyms          0.4.0                h516909a_0    conda-forge
xcb-util-renderutil       0.3.9                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
xcb-util-wm               0.4.1                h516909a_0    conda-forge
xkeyboard-config          2.38                 h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
xlsxwriter                3.1.9              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
xorg-kbproto              1.0.7             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libice               1.0.10               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libsm                1.2.3             hd9c2040_1000    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.8.4                h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.11               hd590300_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.4                h0b41bf4_2    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.10            h7f98852_1003    conda-forge
xorg-libxt                1.3.0                hd590300_0    conda-forge
xorg-renderproto          0.11.1            h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xextproto            7.3.0             h0b41bf4_1003    conda-forge
xorg-xf86vidmodeproto     2.3.1             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xproto               7.0.31            h7f98852_1007    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.6                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h7f98852_2    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.13               hd590300_5    conda-forge
zol                       1.4.1                     dev_0    <develop>
zstd                      1.5.6                ha6fb4c9_0    conda-forge
